Yo Yo Yo Who is this?
Mr. Tang
Is it a peach blossom wind blowing today?
You old rascal
I have something to do with you, I know it.
Tell me what's the matter
In fact, what about this time?
It's easy for you
It's the kind of thing you can fix at the click of a finger
Okay, don't give me the routine, and don't even think about giving me the good guy card.
I need a favor
The real ink is straight to the point
Oops, is it about Bai Xiaotong?
He's in a cafe right now, but under the circumstances, he's never going back.
But let me tell you, he is the business I brought out by myself, and he is very diligent.
You've picked up a big bargain
You stop
Why what why
Why are you so heartless?
He almost got you disqualified as a lawyer
Why are you still willing to help him?
Then don't I think he is more pitiful?
If you were the one who got there
Will anyone feel sorry for you?
Forget it, anyway, I've already said this, it's up to you, wait a minute
I was a little too excited just now. I apologize to you, Abby
I know you are for my own good
You know it
But I have to say a few more words
It's not that I don't give you face, I don't want him, it's only my own reasons.
Because he has offended you.
Where did you rob it? What is it?
Any animal in the zoo that eats people or kills ex-guests
No matter how rare
No matter what level of protected animals
Even the giant panda
Will be executed in secret without pollution
And you know why?
I didn't know that.